Duration (in seconds)
What is your age (# years)?
What is your gender?
In which country do you currently reside?
Are you currently a student? (high school, university, or graduate)
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Coursera
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - edX
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Kaggle Learn Courses
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - DataCamp
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Fast.ai
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Udacity
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Udemy
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - LinkedIn Learning
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Cloud-certification programs (direct from AWS, Azure, GCP, or similar)
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - University Courses (resulting in a university degree)
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
On which platforms have you begun or completed data science courses? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - University courses
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Online courses (Coursera, EdX, etc)
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Social media platforms (Reddit, Twitter, etc)
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Video platforms (YouTube, Twitch, etc)
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Kaggle (notebooks, competitions, etc)
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None / I do not study data science
What products or platforms did you find to be most helpful when you first started studying data science?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
What is the highest level of formal education that you have attained or plan to attain within the next 2 years?
Have you ever published any academic research (papers, preprints, conference proceedings, etc)?
Did your research make use of machine learning? - Yes, the research made advances related to some novel machine learning method (theoretical research)
Did your research make use of machine learning? - Yes, the research made use of machine learning as a tool (applied research)
Did your research make use of machine learning? - No
For how many years have you been writing code and/or programming?
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Python
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - R
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - SQL
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - C
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - C#
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - C++
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Java
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Javascript
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Bash
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PHP
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - MATLAB
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Julia
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Go
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
What programming languages do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - JupyterLab 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  RStudio 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Visual Studio Code (VSCode) 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyCharm 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Spyder  
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Notepad++  
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Sublime Text  
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Vim / Emacs  
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  MATLAB 
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Jupyter Notebook
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - IntelliJ
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Which of the following integrated development environments (IDE's) do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Kaggle Notebooks
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Colab Notebooks
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Azure Notebooks
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Code Ocean 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IBM Watson Studio 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Sagemaker Studio 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Sagemaker Studio Lab 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon EMR Notebooks 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud Vertex AI Workbench 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Hex Workspaces
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Noteable Notebooks 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Databricks Collaborative Notebooks 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Deepnote Notebooks 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Gradient Notebooks 
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following hosted notebook products?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Matplotlib 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Seaborn 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Plotly / Plotly Express 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Ggplot / ggplot2 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Shiny 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  D3 js 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Altair 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Bokeh 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Geoplotlib 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Leaflet / Folium 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Pygal 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Dygraphs 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Highcharter 
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following data visualization libraries on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
For how many years have you used machine learning methods?
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Scikit-learn 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   TensorFlow 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Keras 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyTorch 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Fast.ai 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Xgboost 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  LightGBM 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  CatBoost 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Caret 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Tidymodels 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  JAX 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyTorch Lightning 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Huggingface 
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Which of the following machine learning frameworks do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Linear or Logistic Regression
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Decision Trees or Random Forests
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Gradient Boosting Machines (xgboost, lightgbm, etc)
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Bayesian Approaches
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Evolutionary Approaches
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Dense Neural Networks (MLPs, etc)
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Convolutional Neural Networks
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Generative Adversarial Networks
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Recurrent Neural Networks
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Transformer Networks (BERT, gpt-3, etc)
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Autoencoder Networks (DAE, VAE, etc)
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Graph Neural Networks
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - None
Which of the following ML algorithms do you use on a regular basis? (Select all that apply): - Selected Choice - Other
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - General purpose image/video tools (PIL, cv2, skimage, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Image segmentation methods (U-Net, Mask R-CNN, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Object detection methods (YOLOv6, RetinaNet, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Image classification and other general purpose networks (VGG, Inception, ResNet, ResNeXt, NASNet, EfficientNet, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Generative Networks (GAN, VAE, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Vision transformer networks (ViT, DeiT, BiT, BEiT, Swin, etc)
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Which categories of computer vision methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Word embeddings/vectors (GLoVe, fastText, word2vec)
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Encoder-decoder models (seq2seq, vanilla transformers)
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Contextualized embeddings (ELMo, CoVe)
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Transformer language models (GPT-3, BERT, XLnet, etc)
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Which of the following natural language processing (NLP) methods do you use on a regular basis?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   TensorFlow Hub 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  PyTorch Hub 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Huggingface Models 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Timm 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Jumpstart 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  ONNX models 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  NVIDIA NGC models  
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Kaggle datasets 
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No, I do not download pre-trained model weights on a regular basis
Do you download pre-trained model weights from any of the following services? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other storage services (i.e. google drive)
Which of the following ML model hubs/repositories do you use most often? - Selected Choice
Select the title most similar to your current role (or most recent title if retired): - Selected Choice
In what industry is your current employer/contract (or your most recent employer if retired)? - Selected Choice
What is the size of the company where you are employed?
Approximately how many individuals are responsible for data science workloads at your place of business?
Does your current employer incorporate machine learning methods into their business?
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Analyze and understand data to influence product or business decisions
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Build and/or run the data infrastructure that my business uses for storing, analyzing, and operationalizing data
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Build prototypes to explore applying machine learning to new areas
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Build and/or run a machine learning service that operationally improves my product or workflows
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Experimentation and iteration to improve existing ML models
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Do research that advances the state of the art of machine learning
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - None of these activities are an important part of my role at work
Select any activities that make up an important part of your role at work: (Select all that apply) - Other
What is your current yearly compensation (approximate $USD)?
Approximately how much money have you spent on machine learning and/or cloud computing services at home or at work in the past 5 years (approximate $USD)?
 (approximate $USD)?
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Microsoft Azure 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Cloud Platform (GCP) 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IBM Cloud / Red Hat 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Oracle Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  SAP Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  VMware Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Alibaba Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Tencent Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Huawei Cloud 
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Which of the following cloud computing platforms do you use? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Of the cloud platforms that you are familiar with, which has the best developer experience (most enjoyable to use)? - Selected Choice
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) 
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Microsoft Azure Virtual Machines 
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Cloud Compute Engine 
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No / None
Do you use any of the following cloud computing products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Microsoft Azure Blob Storage
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Microsoft Azure Files 
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Simple Storage Service (S3)  
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)  
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud Storage (GCS)   
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Cloud Filestore 
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No / None
Do you use any of the following data storage products? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - MySQL 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - PostgreSQL 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - SQLite 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Oracle Database 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - MongoDB 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Snowflake 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - IBM Db2 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Microsoft SQL Server 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Microsoft Azure SQL Database 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Amazon Redshift 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Amazon RDS 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Amazon DynamoDB 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud BigQuery 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Cloud SQL 
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following data products (relational databases, data warehouses, data lakes, or similar)? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Amazon QuickSight
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Microsoft Power BI
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Google Data Studio
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Looker
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Tableau
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Qlik Sense
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Domo
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - TIBCO Spotfire
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Alteryx 
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Sisense 
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - SAP Analytics Cloud 
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Microsoft Azure Synapse 
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Thoughtspot 
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following business intelligence tools? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon SageMaker 
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Azure Machine Learning Studio 
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Cloud Vertex AI
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  DataRobot
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Databricks
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Dataiku
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Alteryx
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Rapidminer
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  C3.ai
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Domino Data Lab 
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H2O AI Cloud 
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No / None
Do you use any of the following managed machine learning products on a regular basis? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Cloud AutoML 
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  H2O Driverless AI  
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Databricks AutoML 
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  DataRobot AutoML 
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Amazon Sagemaker Autopilot 
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -   Azure Automated Machine Learning 
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No / None
Do you use any of the following automated machine learning tools?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  TensorFlow Extended (TFX) 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  TorchServe 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  ONNX Runtime 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Triton Inference Server 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  OpenVINO Model Server 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  KServe 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  BentoML 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Multi Model Server (MMS) 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Seldon Core 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  MLflow 
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following products to serve your machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Neptune.ai 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Weights & Biases 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Comet.ml 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  TensorBoard 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Guild.ai 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  ClearML 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  MLflow 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Aporia 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Evidently AI 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Arize 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  WhyLabs 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Fiddler 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  DVC 
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - No / None
Do you use any tools to help monitor your machine learning models and/or experiments? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Google Responsible AI Toolkit (LIT, What-if, Fairness Indicator, etc) 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Microsoft Responsible AI Resources (Fairlearn, Counterfit, InterpretML, etc) 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IBM AI Ethics tools (AI Fairness 360, Adversarial Robustness Toolbox, etc 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Amazon AI Ethics Tools (Clarify, A2I, etc) 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  The LinkedIn Fairness Toolkit (LiFT) 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Audit-AI 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Aequitas 
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following responsible or ethical AI products in your machine learning practices?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  GPUs 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  TPUs 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  IPUs 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  RDUs 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  WSEs 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Trainium Chips 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice -  Inferentia Chips 
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Do you use any of the following types of specialized hardware when training machine learning models?  (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
Approximately how many times have you used a TPU (tensor processing unit)?
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Twitter (data science influencers)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Email newsletters (Data Elixir, O'Reilly Data & AI, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Reddit (r/machinelearning, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Kaggle (notebooks, forums, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Course Forums (forums.fast.ai, Coursera forums, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - YouTube (Kaggle YouTube, Cloud AI Adventures, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Podcasts (Chai Time Data Science, O’Reilly Data Show, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Blogs (Towards Data Science, Analytics Vidhya, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Journal Publications (peer-reviewed journals, conference proceedings, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Slack Communities (ods.ai, kagglenoobs, etc)
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - None
Who/what are your favorite media sources that report on data science topics? (Select all that apply) - Selected Choice - Other
